# ISCN schema

<pre>
Schema: <a href="../meta/v1.md">Meta</a> -> <a href="#">ISCN</a>
Version: 1
</pre>

The [ISCN](#) is the core metadata that acts as a kernel of ISCN, and it connects the content itself, the stakeholders and the intellectual property rights with a unique global identifier.

## Schema

Property|Occurs|Expected Type|Description
--|--|--|--
context|1|URL|The location of this schema:<br>[https://iscn.like.co/schema/iscn-v1](https://iscn.like.co/schema/iscn-v1)
id|1|String|This is the identifier of ISCN, and it is in the format:<br>`<registry-code>/<unique-id>[/<version>]`<br><br>`registry-code`: The reserved code for a [registry](../../README.md#registry).<br>`unique-id`: Any string contains alphanumeric and hyphens which is `[a-z][A-Z][0-9]-`,  provided that is unique within the given [registry](../../README.md#registry).<br>`version`: Once the digital content is registered, the version counts as **1**. When there is any update later, the version number will go up one by one. Whenever the version is going up, the `registry-code` and `unique-id` must keep the same. Otherwise, it is an invalid ISCN. The version is optional, and if it does not provide, it means the latest version.<br><br>For example:<br>`1/abc-xyz-123`: Latest version of the ID `abc-xyz-123` and from registry 1<br>`2/music-010-1234/3`: Version 3 of the ID `music-010-1234` and from registry 2.
timestamp |1|DateTime|The timestamp of the creation or the modification of the ISCN record. It should be a human-readable DateTime and recommends to use ISO 8601.
version|1|Number|Once the digital content is registered, the version counts as **1**. When there is any update later, the version number will go up one by one.
parent|0<sup>*</sup>~1|[<u>ISCN</u>](#)|A [linked data](../../README.md#linked-data) to the previous version of the ISCN record which means the `registry-code` and `unique-id` in ISCN ID must be same. Otherwise, it counts as an invalid ISCN record.<br><br>*\* Only if the version is **1**, otherwise parent must be linked.*
rights|1|[<u>Rights</u>](../rights/v1.md)|A [linked data](../../README.md#linked-data) to the intellectual property rights information.
stakeholders|1|[<u>Stakeholders</u>](../stakeholders/v1.md)|A [linked data](../../README.md#linked-data) to an array of information of stakeholders.
content|1|[<u>Content</u>](../content/v1.md)|A [linked data](../../README.md#linked-data) to the content metadata.
